Constructive 1NT
----------------
The 1NT response is constructive in 1♣-1NT or after an overcall.  Such 1NT
requires 7<sup>+</sup>~10 HCP, balanced distribution, and a stopper in the
adverse suit if the overcall shows one suit.  This response still denies a
biddable major suit because major contracts are often better.

The 1NT under these circumstances are constructive because there are more
suitable calls for 6~7 HCP hands.  For an 1♣ opening, responder can always bid a
suit with these weak hands.  After an overcall, responder can pass because this
pass will not cause a passing out.

Dustbin 1NT
-----------
The 1NT response in 1♠/*♡*/*♢* (pass) 1NT is dustbin, which shows a
constructive 1NT or 6~10 points without another suitable call.

In a constructive auction, a pass to 1 of a suit can only be made from a hand
with < 6 points to prevent a loss of game.  However, bidding on the 2 level
shows at least invitational values.  Therefore, when responder holds a suit
lower than the opening, they has to bid 1NT with a minimum responding hand.

Garbage Stayman
---------------
A legitimized psychic Stayman with a weak 3~4♠ 3~4*♡* 4~5*♢* 0~1♣.  Responder
passes opener's most frequent rebids *viz* 2*♢*, 2*♡*, 2♠.

Puppet bid
----------
A puppet bid is technically a relay but conceptually makes the bidder puppet
instead of captain.  The puppet forces or semiforces their partner to bid a
relay.

If the captain has other options than the relay, the puppet bid is called a
**marionette**.

Relay
-----
A relay is a conventional asking bid.  The relay bidding system is based on
the idea that one player precisely describes their hand while their parter
locates the final contract.

The relayer, who bids the relay, becomes the **captain**.  The captain provides
little information about their hand and makes the final decision.  Their parter
is the **puppet**, who describes hand when the captain asks.

Usage of 1-level relay opening is [restricted in competitions][wbf], but relays
as responses and rebids are okay.  Stayman and Blackwood are ubiquitous relays
in modern bidding systems.

[wbf]: http://www.worldbridge.org/rules-regulations/competitions/systems/

Semiforcing 1NT
---------------
The 1NT response to a major opening is semiforcing.  The actual convention is
opener's 2♣, which is biddable with only 3 clubs if RHO did not overcall.

The 1NT is still semiforcing even if the major opening is intervened, i.e. such
intervention only affects responder.

<script src="js/glossary.js"></script>
